Build local directories in place (#7882)
pypa/pip: docs/html/reference/pip_install.rst

$ pip install path/to/SomeProject

> Until version 20.0, pip did copy the entire project directory to a temporary

Reviewer: `pip copied` instead of `pip did copy`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Until version 20.0, pip copied the entire project directory to a temporary
```
